Updated UI in Baselines articles (#7961)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/optimize-and-maintain-your-site/monitor-and-troubleshoot/resolve-issues-quickly-and-efficiently/baseline-merge-conflicts/configuration-files.md

We are working on making it available for Umbraco Cloud projects using version 9 and above.
{% endhint %}

> When you are doing your normal development process, you would be updating the configuration files in your solution as usual. When you are working with a Baseline setup there are a few things to keep in mind.

Reviewer: A suggestion for shortening this part. I don't think it's necessary to mention what you'd do on a regular setup? What do you think? 🤔 

```suggestion
When developing with a Baseline setup, there are a few things to keep in mind when updating configuration files.
```

Author: Yes, it makes sense. We cannot analyze how a user's normal setup would look like or what changes they want to do 😀
